Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: ALRIGHT, LET'S CHECK AUDIO Can you hear me okay
Ray Casias: Yeah. Okay, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I think I know what happened. I was doing a bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: They took I think a little bit longer and dipped into our
Gwenevere Abriel: Our schedule and I'm sorry about that.
Ray Casias: No problem. No problem.
Ray Casias: I'm fine with anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm not
Ray Casias: I'm easy
Ray Casias: Yeah okay well
Ray Casias: Do I have
Ray Casias: I'll be meeting with Dr. Jackson today.
Ray Casias: About the pain management so
What time because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here sure about that. I saw a little message floating through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to misspeak you're sure that it's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought I saw it was canceled because there weren't enough
People in there. Okay.
Ray Casias: Instead, rather than a group. I'll be doing a wild one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great, great, great, great.
Ray Casias: And I did.
Ray Casias: I was almost I was running late as well because I
Ray Casias: Woke up and follow that I had a pain survey to do not that one takes a minute.
Ray Casias: To try to connect to Wi Fi. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not the best connection is that
Open here for ray
Ray Casias: Hear me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about you.
Ray Casias: I didn't work. Yeah, I can hear you. When I connected to Wi Fi abroad completely. So I'm not sure what's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, um, maybe what we'll do is have you
Gwenevere Abriel: Go had some point possibly to audio online, but let's see how long we can make it with both, okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me get a note here when we got we in and what was last time we talked about goals. Let's see.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Click February. So I think we're due for a little tip, tip see and how you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: See, and how you doing on your goals here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And after group did you give some thought to where you might want to do some volunteering or what you want to do with that.
Ray Casias: I looked into it. There's, there's a lot of
Ray Casias: Other things online. I looked into some local thing.
Ray Casias: There's a ton. I mean there's just a
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. You know, it's interesting because you'll say that and I'll hear from someone else. There's just nowhere.
Ray Casias: Yeah, that
Ray Casias: was even thinking because before that even came up
Ray Casias: A few weeks back, I was looking into
Ray Casias: I wasn't looking into volunteer, but looking in.
Ray Casias: Certain support groups.
Ray Casias: And somebody, somebody had told me there's like nothing here. Here in Albuquerque. And I like
Ray Casias: I had to, I believe so much to look to add to just stop because it's just on and on. I'm there was plenty of support groups.
Ray Casias: To check out there. So I, and it was the same for me with volunteers stuff that
Ray Casias: Gives it depends on how
Ray Casias: much effort you put into it. I had to play with keywords. Little bit.
Ray Casias: all worked out pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no concern there if you want to move into doing some activities in the community. It's not an issue. You can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. Alright, let's scoot down here on my list of things that you want to work on. Um, we've got
Gwenevere Abriel: increase awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is definitely my I can tell this is not in a quote. So this is something I came up with.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't normally do that and normally it's my clients right will say something they want to do and that's kind of what we build around but I wrote, I must have written this one and it says increase awareness of what the client wants distinguished from needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's been sort of a flow an inner weaving throughout our work together, which was
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, do I deserve to assert a need
Gwenevere Abriel: What about a want. I mean, heaven forbid, right. Just, just a lowly little one, but I wanted to know if you could see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own things you would like to do things you'd prefer and I wanted to increase just sort of awareness around the distinction between what you need, like food, shelter, affection, right, that kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And versus the things you want now just even as I'm bringing this up. How have you noticed a difference about paying attention to needs versus wants and where you are with that.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Ray Casias: I have noticed
Ray Casias: The point where I am. I have to go when it comes to
Ray Casias: Me and wants
Ray Casias: To meet my wife.
Ray Casias: I don't know, I'm not sure.
Ray Casias: Like a ship because I'm
Ray Casias: Not having any problems just blurting it out.
Ray Casias: Later. So, okay, I'm just saying it.
Ray Casias: putting it out there and I'm not, you know, not
Ray Casias: So concerned with mean rejected on it. I'm just putting it out there.
Ray Casias: A lot more
Ray Casias: More
Ray Casias: That is a definite change.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's the assert, there's the assertiveness, there's the comfort level of saying it, but what I can't quite see is Ray, do you still only mentioned need
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you deserve only on the need level versus I want a new top. I don't need a new top I only wear the white ones. These days it's like contagious. So
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't need it. But I want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you asserting things you want I want the cherry on top.
Ray Casias: I don't think
I
Ray Casias: Don't want
Ray Casias: Like I don't
Ray Casias: I come, I'm pretty I'm
Ray Casias: Pretty simple guy. I'm pretty satisfied with
Ray Casias: Doesn't take a lot to do.
Ray Casias: It's going to take a lot to make me happy. But
Ray Casias: Not what I'm talking about.
Me.
Ray Casias: Happiness.
Ray Casias: Now this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what's happening to you right now. Right. What does it make me think about
Ray Casias: Oh, it's making me think about pain.
Ray Casias: Because
Ray Casias: When I think of happiness.
Ray Casias: Pain is in
Ray Casias: direct conflict with me being happy all the time. All the time.
Yeah.
Ray Casias: But, but, but I'm exploring as I'm
Ray Casias: being assertive about things I want. I don't
Ray Casias: I think I'm still having a problem with that. I can say that because
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a couple things that might be difficult for you to be made easier to blurt out something you need, but it might be a little more difficult to say what you want. Once you tell me a couple things you want
Ray Casias: I want a
Ray Casias: New laptop.
Ray Casias: Laptop
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Ray Casias: Beat up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, I really liked that one. I could see. I could see almost
Gwenevere Abriel: That line between you and want. So if it was me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That line between need and want would be very close together because
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I think about you and I think I bet you do a lot of reading online and I bet, like if you were to do a blog, you would want a laptop that was functional that could
Gwenevere Abriel: Process quickly, you know, that really worked well because it is pain management and you know what I mean it like I don't know that it's only a one. Like for me, if I were you, I'd be like, I don't even know which side that's on
Gwenevere Abriel: Because distraction because giving back might be tied in with this laptop know maybe it's just because I care about you that that I'm saying that but or I want. Maybe I want a new laptop and I'm projecting, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. That seems really
Important
Ray Casias: Okay, here's here. Now I'll make that clear. I want a new I want a fancy new laptop with all the
Ray Casias: All the tech that could be loaded with
Ray Casias: There we go.
Ray Casias: I could I could get by with
Ray Casias: Just the new laptop. I want
Ray Casias: I want some luck because I you know I plan on getting the blog going on and
Gwenevere Abriel: How much are they and they like an 800 900 is a deluxe thing. I don't even know.
Ray Casias: You know what, I don't even know either. I haven't even price anything or
Huh.
Ray Casias: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: See why, why haven't you
Ray Casias: I don't know, because I don't think I
Ray Casias: Don't think it's happening right now.
Ray Casias: But why, but why not, no.
Ray Casias: I don't want to feel like
Ray Casias: being selfish maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sit with that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at all the things that I only named a couple of them, how critical fancy and by fancy. We're just talking about loaded with tech
Ray Casias: Yeah.
It was
Gwenevere Abriel: The outside was scratched and it had like bunch of scratched off stickers on it, but the tech was on there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it had this powerhouse where it would, you know, good connections and you could do cool, you know, blogs, and it works great, but it was like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know purchase on Craigslist or marketplace and it was used by a couple people. Maybe it's three years old, but it is like loaded to the gills because someone was like creating websites with it or something. Um, you would feel selfish. Is that right,
Ray Casias: Yes, it would depend on
Ray Casias: On the price of it because I always be totally fine with something like that be fired up with them like that.
Ray Casias: guess it would depend on
Ray Casias: What would it depend on price, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I would feel selfish. Let's just tease it out a little bit. This might seem silly, but let's see where it takes us. I would feel selfish. If it was 1500 dollars or 3000 which one
Ray Casias: Would be selfish yeah 15 1500
Gwenevere Abriel: That's too much.
Ray Casias: Yeah, that would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ray Casias: How about 500 500 would be fine. I think
Ray Casias: There would be okay.
Ray Casias: How about 550 50 is okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about 600
Ray Casias: Hundred on pushing it there.
Ray Casias: Quite a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me hold on yourself. Now where should that $50 go besides you
Ray Casias: Oh,
Ray Casias: Now even know
Ray Casias: My daughter is like handling shit. I know.
Ray Casias: I'm 50 bucks to be like such a blessing to her out of nowhere for like a
Good stuff.
Ray Casias: She's putting she's working hard and she's responsible with our money now so 50 bucks right there would be like
Ray Casias: Would feel really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Ray Casias: Or I mean I
Ray Casias: I'm just so
Ray Casias: I am so in love with that boy and
Ray Casias: So every, every month. I gotta get something that he needs and something that just want fun
Ray Casias: Do that.
Ray Casias: What
Ray Casias: And you know i'm not i'm thinking about it and I'm thinking, well, if I plan it
Ray Casias: And I don't just go, just go do it all just out of nowhere. I mean, why not
Ray Casias: Save it were a couple months and then go get it and not selfish would have been neglecting anything
Ray Casias: Why not
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me all the things that you would benefit from just indulge in it. So I mentioned a couple of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about what this would give you if you had a real badass laptop.
Ray Casias: presence and power.
Ray Casias: The
Ray Casias: Storage capacity. I mean, I've got
Ray Casias: So many different things that I could be working on all at once. If I had
Ray Casias: The processing in the storage that I want.
Ray Casias: All the
Ray Casias: All the tech that allows for just ease of
Ray Casias: Developing everything
Ray Casias: I could get a lot of a lot of work done. I like to see my desk. I've got like 1000 things on my desk just going on at once.
Ray Casias: I could put that into a computer that has
Ray Casias: The power to deal with it. And I could work on. I could I could switch from
Ray Casias: Whatever, I'm working on. I could work on whatever I want to with ease and switch, switch
Ray Casias: And that type. That's what I'm looking for, because I feel like I would get a lot more done if I didn't have to
Ray Casias: Go through an ordeal to switch between work and to find what I'm looking for. And
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you, do you have a Facebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So I'm going to show you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll show you. I ran across this because I always gone to Craigslist, because I, and then they're like, oh yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is scary people in there. You don't need to go there. Go to marketplace on your Facebook. Well, I'm not really much of a Facebook or
Gwenevere Abriel: But I was like, Well, maybe I will be. What's this all about, well, because then you get to see the people you can like, you know, judge him like, Oh, you look like you're not going to kill me in the parking lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way to tell, but so here's what i don't know how do you
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you type in, like is there a. Is it a Macintosh you want. Is it Adele is it do you care, like how many. What's the process power. What's the number of storage megabyte business that you want. Like, this is what you type in, and you'd see different options.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what do you, what are your minimum requirements.
Ray Casias: So,
Ray Casias: Why were to do this.
Ray Casias: I would ask the
Ray Casias: Research the tech
Ray Casias: Available.
Ray Casias: And then come up with some
Ray Casias: Come up with some
Ray Casias: Some brands that that the tech is available. And then I was
Ray Casias: Great looking in Craig, or what. So, this is this is Facebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Facebook. So there's this thing over here. Lucy, you got to see me. It's going to be your home friends and then. So here, this whole thing. I think when you go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll see not there. Go home here know it so it's home, you'll see over on the left to see name newsfeed messenger. Watch. Don't know what these things are. But anyway, marketplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: If so, here's the thing. This is what I noticed because someone else I knew tried to do this and they tried to get on there quickly know
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to have been in there for a while. So if your wife has an account better that you use hers, or a friend's
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter's or something because they may not let you on there. If you've just signed on, which is kind of a good thing, because remember, I WAS TELLING YOU DON'T WANT TO MEET. MEET A mass murder. Murder.
Ray Casias: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you won't be able to get to marketplace easily if
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't had it for a while. So you may want to talk to somebody who has had a Facebook from it and you can kind of jump on there and poke around.
Gwenevere Abriel: As
Ray Casias: Well, so I think I need to research.
Ray Casias: Because I'm I'm aware. I'm AWARE THAT since I've since I've known like the last time. I've known
Ray Casias: Well what all the advances are in in laptop tech to spend a long time ago and I haven't even
Ray Casias: allowed myself to check it out.
Ray Casias: Yeah, because I know I would just want one. It really badly.
Ray Casias: So, um, so I haven't really I don't
Ray Casias: I know a little bit of stuff just from add you know and I know if I were to research it I could find. I could quickly find
Ray Casias: What is the most
Ray Casias: So here's something
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here. So this is a Mac Book Pro 13 Retina display. I know that's fancy I have, I have a big fancy one that I'm looking at right now. Right. That was a big investment for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it has this Retina display. But if you're not doing graphic arts and frankly I don't even think it makes that big of a difference. So I don't know that that's necessarily important but this thing you were talking about the processor you when you do you're
Gwenevere Abriel: finding out about words like that.
Ray Casias: How many gigabytes. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, things like that.
Ray Casias: That's the main thing right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so if you buy a new 1300, it would be based model way slower. This was over two grand this guy says they want 750 for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Yeah, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Your number isn't that far off. And all I did was open up one just now and I'm pretty clueless. I let someone else handle all the tech part I just say, Listen, this is what I want to be able to do and it isn't much
Gwenevere Abriel: But at one point I was using Final Cut, which is an editing program and and Photoshop and they, you know, we needed to have like a big enough, I guess processor in order to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But exactly what you said. But notice how you said, I haven't even looked it up because I know all want it.
Ray Casias: Yeah yeah
Ray Casias: Okay guys talking my language right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Awesome deal
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not mess around. So you right so you get a little picture. And if you wanted to see who Bruno bit Betancourt is you would you could click on him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And looks like Bruno.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sells computers because look, he's got all these marketplace listings of 19 looks like he's used to selling he may have a little side biz.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, it's not even his name. So maybe what he does is he gets computers. Maybe he referred for vicious them or something because I can't see his face. But, oh, there we go. He looks like maybe he's a kid. So, you know, I mean, I can like, look at him. I can say, Who is this dude.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's a kid, I was a little kid little kid. Um, and he lives, you know, looks like somewhere. I don't know where he lives Fort Lauderdale. Maybe he says what this
Gwenevere Abriel: Looks like in California. So who knows. Anyway, but you get the idea. So this is, it's a very different thing than Craigslist. Anyway, where you have no idea who's going to be knocking at your door meeting, yet you know Dunkin Donuts or something.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, we're talking about what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just got kind of real didn't it, I brought in through it in your face, you're like, I didn't even want to look at this now. I went done it and I put it in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's happening now. Yeah.
Ray Casias: Now, you get it.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Ray Casias: Because I will. Um, yeah, just that one thing right there. You know, I'm gonna
Ray Casias: Do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep listening that I know you'll do on your own, which is time consuming to which means like, if that's a great distraction being this exquisite shopper. I want to check this and this and this and this and this and this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could spend all your time shopping and really getting it just so and then you're going to shop for a good deal that has all these things that could be nice and time consuming. Those are really great
Ray Casias: Destruction, man. Yeah, I'll make I'll make a big old price.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want
Ray Casias: You
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to hear your list of how that's going to affect let me hit some domains of life here, spiritual, I'll just throw some down here, spiritual, I'll say life satisfaction. I'll put recovery. I'll put can't forget grandchildren. I should have put that one first. My bad grandchildren daughter.
I'll say self esteem.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say marriage gonna say it. Say it. I'm gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So real quick, just indulge me try to catch your first response how having a functional write a check loaded laptop. How Will it enhance your spirituality. Is there any connection there for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know how
Gwenevere Abriel: You can write the blog. Now you're connecting with people around the globe. You can do an A or na online.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're connecting with people for a lot of people that spirit mean that spirituality that connection with people is the spiritual connection. It's I'm not isolated. I'm not suffering alone. You can be constantly sort of connecting
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I satisfaction. What about that one.
Ray Casias: Yeah, it is a great impact that
Ray Casias: Satisfaction. To me, you know, to get things done.
Ray Casias: And that would
Ray Casias: go a long way.
Ray Casias: Yeah, you know, not only just having the power to get things done. I think the novelty of it at first I was into it.
Ray Casias: Getting it done. I got a new computer and thought
Ray Casias: Oh,
Ray Casias: Yeah, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're probably having some specifics in mind, right, you probably have these little projects or things that you're picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: But in general, since you're, you're not naming them it would improve life satisfaction, you'd say, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about your recovery, how would it enhance your recovery.
Ray Casias: Um, I forgot pain mentioned pain.
Ray Casias: One of the, one of the
Ray Casias: Most important things in my recovery right now is being able to help others.
Ray Casias: So that would that would get me closer to starting out blog or
Ray Casias: Something along the line, I've got, I've got a
Ray Casias: double bar things
Ray Casias: That I could organize and make them available to people.
Ray Casias: So,
Ray Casias: Just being able to help
Ray Casias: Other other addicts.
Ray Casias: Would be amazing.
Yeah, I'm saying
Ray Casias: Like a stepping stone in my recovery that I need to get to accomplish. I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the word you chose
Gwenevere Abriel: You just ran across and he he date.
Gwenevere Abriel: So need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to help others in order to help myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's what that that whole group was about it can just do so many things getting back. We've already touched on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's been a challenge. There's been barriers to it and I couldn't quite see it couldn't see what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm not sure I still really know what it is, but if it happens to be this particular resource I think building this list, let's let's keep doing it, though, before I open my big mouth. Let's talk about pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back up to pain. Want You To Think for a moment. How might having a tech loaded laptop help treat help reduce pain.
Ray Casias: Of them.
Ray Casias: Just distraction major distraction does not only from
Ray Casias: Getting the work done.
Ray Casias: Like I say, the novelty of it, checking it out and seeing what what what I can do with it.
Ray Casias: How enhance all of my regular activities will be on me. Major distraction. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now grandchildren. How am I it enhance. Think about if your needs for connection generativity are being addressed your life satisfaction is higher, you now have an outlet for almost immediate distraction education.
Gwenevere Abriel: Helping others. How do you think that might
Gwenevere Abriel: contribute meaningfully to your relationship with your grandchildren.
Ray Casias: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this is easy for me, man. I can see all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you
Gwenevere Abriel: can't maintain distraction. If you can't address this pain if you don't feel like you're giving back. If you don't feel connected to people. I watched you get very depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to be around to be with your kids are you going to recognize how much you enjoy them. If you're so depressed that you don't want to get out of bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your happiness matters, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It matters to a lot of people
Ray Casias: That is an important
Ray Casias: That it was important for me to hear
Ray Casias: That it's something that I
Ray Casias: Didn't
I don't
Ray Casias: Doesn't it doesn't
Ray Casias: Not something I would have thought of on my own.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like a no doubt. Like I feel like I'm insulting you
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not the case. You may be needed to hear, it sounds like
Ray Casias: Me, dear.
Ray Casias: God if
Ray Casias: I mean, it really is not something I would have
Ray Casias: That would have occurred to me.
Ray Casias: Or I wouldn't have even been taught that
Ray Casias: deserves some attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's an easier one, how might this help
Gwenevere Abriel: Your self esteem if you had this machine and you could do all those things. We've just barely touched on. How might your self esteem go up.
Ray Casias: Well, I know that I would
Ray Casias: I would
Ray Casias: Say, I know what I have this
Ray Casias: Feeling that I would become a lot more productive than I am right now.
Ray Casias: What would
Be
Ray Casias: An excellent move because I feel like my productivity right now in
Ray Casias: La I'm not very productive.
Ray Casias: I can't blame everything on the pain.
Ray Casias: The pain dubstep my willpower away, but I've been stronger.
In the past,
Ray Casias: Pain hasn't changed all that much. It's gotten somewhat worse but hasn't changed all that much. And I've been
Ray Casias: I've been more
Ray Casias: Able to
Ray Casias: Accomplish more or push myself more in the past. So I feel like
Ray Casias: My productivity sucks right now.
Ray Casias: And that would be
Ray Casias: Sort of a boon to
Ray Casias: My creativity because I would be
Ray Casias: I would have some tech to play around with. And I could explore my creativity as well, which is something that I
Ray Casias: It was all the cookbook cognitive issues.
Ray Casias: Neurological crap my creativity is something that I
Ray Casias: Noticed the big
Ray Casias: Deficit bother it bothered me a couple years already. So that would be great, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: How am I didn't help your daughter, your relationship with your daughter. Can you see the connective tissue.
Ray Casias: Oh man, I would need my daughter.
Ray Casias: Help me through it. Some of it because she's, she's not she is savvy tech savvy.
Ray Casias: Way more so than I am. That would be
Gwenevere Abriel: A way to to bond over really neutral and okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: He gets to feel smart and like she's giving back to you and you get to accept her help and neat. Um, what about the marriage. How might this help the marriage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever marriages and it
Ray Casias: Just yeah that's
Ray Casias: That's a tough one, because that would be
Ray Casias: That would be
Ray Casias: Where I would be worried
Ray Casias: That would be where the
Ray Casias: That would be an external source for the
Ray Casias: Might be selfish there cuz I know it would come up. I know it would come up right now. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the Achilles heel right here it's being judged either by her family as you being selfish, we just we found it.
Ray Casias: Yeah.
Ray Casias: And and then
Ray Casias: You
Ray Casias: So I'm
Ray Casias: Just
Ray Casias: Wrapped up in all that in there. I know that.
Ray Casias: We should be influenced to think that way. I know it.
Ray Casias: I can confidently say that
Ray Casias: She's been in so many other things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear back at yourself so
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though it would
Gwenevere Abriel: Be reducing the experience in Argentina the distress level of pain Through distraction through immersion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of doing not only day to day organizational things but blogging or creative writing or certain pieces of things that you want to learn about it would be helping the pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be a spiritual connection, you're connecting with people around the world, or maybe through just maybe just through the blogging. I don't even know you might develop friendships through there. Don't know might be part of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting back to the community part your life satisfaction would go up, it would be addressing a need, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting this recovery goals really high on that right, you'd be addressing your recovery goals. It's a need
Gwenevere Abriel: weren't able to quite get to the grandchildren, but your daughter up connecting with your daughter be some kind of fun to kind of play with together, it would help your self esteem.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd be called selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: By a group of people that you've already mentioned.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not not well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably thinking very seriously about moving away from
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's being selfish really
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you have the ability to really, that's why I kind of pushed the idea of really listing these out. We didn't skip any any opportunity to be very clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not
gluttonous
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't gluttonous this, this doesn't seem like excess. To me, this sounds like the very medicine that you need.
Ray Casias: Yeah, well, I turned off my my video kind of freezing up
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I astray. I want you to have this list, I'm not particular how you get distraction helping others getting things done making sure that you're giving back so that your need in your recovery is being met.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you get to play with your grandkids and connect with your daughter feel productive. I don't really care how you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you tell me, it can be through this other widget. It's not this laptop. Okay, I'm not really hung up on how but these things seem important and I do not
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear that you're being selfish what I hear is, you didn't choose the pain right
Gwenevere Abriel: You're trying to carve out some life satisfaction in a really crummy situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I cannot see how it's selfish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if it's your wife is homeless and there's, you know, you're the only person providing food in this House, I suppose we could argue that point, we could maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of go there, but your life, your depression, your, your self esteem is is at stake here. I, I don't see how how we don't throw everything we possibly can, at that to try to get that life satisfaction up
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're facing physical pain. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Destruction.
Yeah, like, okay.
Ray Casias: I know that old joke. I see what you did there.
Ray Casias: Because yeah listing it out this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listing it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is she really so right. The flip side is. What can someone really say you're being selfish. Because what because the month because why sample part of the family is going to save that money money should have gone where what's their argument.
Ray Casias: Right.
Ray Casias: And I don't know. I don't even know what it was.
Ray Casias: So bizarre to me at time
Ray Casias: Um, but even then, if I worked on it and get it done within a couple of months and even more so what
Ray Casias: Was the problem.
Ray Casias: You know, if I if I see to it that I neglect nothing to get it done and even more so, what, what the heck can they say about it.
Ray Casias: Well,
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Crazy people can always make something up that
Gwenevere Abriel: You prepare yourself for that.
Ray Casias: But yeah but but that would that would that would sort of, um,
Ray Casias: Well, prove it to me that there's
Ray Casias: Whatever they're going to say is going to be crazy. And who knows, maybe they won't say anything, but I doubt that I highly doubt that
Ray Casias: But at least though I've proven to myself there anything makes a faceless
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. So the approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: To justifying considering it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I might not be coming from the same place, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that you even said it out loud that you sat with me and you let me kind of help you articulate the pros of having this and you are a little short on your ability to argue back on why it's a bad idea. Aside from your projection of someone thinking you're selfish and
Gwenevere Abriel: A big piece of our work together is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To focus on the self. So I don't see. I can't see what the problem really is because to me it's the medicine that you need. You've heard it in groups to people need to engage in self care, you have a whole lifetime of giving and providing for others and
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Ray Casias: It's an idea that we can that we might want to talk about next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well,
Ray Casias: Forget about it. What this was bringing up to me because it's absolutely true, what you're saying and
Ray Casias: My wife, my wife would not agree with any of it and she doesn't see that that it's true even if I were to tell her and explain it to her at this point.
Ray Casias: does not understand any of it. I mean, I'm still I'm still an addict and I'm still
Ray Casias: I'm using some block tone right now and disconcert
Ray Casias: Until it. Feel it. Feel
Ray Casias: That is beginning to build a bit hopeless and trying to
Ray Casias: Get the truth.
Ray Casias: Through to her and make her see that
You know,
Ray Casias: Doesn't take seriously the thing that I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: My next clients here. Right. But I want to really write down what you're talking about. So we can pick it right back up. What do you want me to write down
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this just sounds like what you've always been doing which is subjugating you're on once
Ray Casias: Well, this, this right here is about is, um,
Ray Casias: She doesn't take seriously any any of my condition.
Ray Casias: Or or and if I if I say I'm depressed. I'm just sad to get over it. If I say
Ray Casias: I'm terrified of this condition called to death that, you know, I've tried to talk with her about a million times that we've actually both in warned about from the neurologist.
Ray Casias: It terrifies me. It scares the heck out of me and couldn't care less about it. She wouldn't even, you know, because it doesn't mean anything or and I don't expect it to mean to her what it means to be, but I would have expected at least try to understand that fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I wrote that down ready okay it's deeply connected to the things we're already doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you continue to make decisions based on your fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: It continues to reinforce that you are not enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you need what you want what you perceive isn't just right isn't correct continue to reinforce it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you decide to manifest in real time as in a material thing or something. We say like it's out someone could measure it to this thing happened to that thing happen if you decide to put it out there, the kind of the way you've been blurting out what you need.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reinforces you are enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Again and again and again up goes to self esteem, but you're waiting for her. She is not well I can hear what you're saying this is a woman who is
Gwenevere Abriel: Either either. I'm so snowed by and you're selling the strips and you really don't have any conditions and I'm just the biggest sucker that ever stood in front of a
Gwenevere Abriel: video camera which I certainly hold out that that's a possibility. Um, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, barring that,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am saying that the crux of what's going on because you say the same thing over and over, she she cannot see you anymore. She only sees
Gwenevere Abriel: The old survival survival mechanisms that she had when she was in childhood. She's back in them living in that house and you're waiting for her to give you approval.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't. And that's the part that I can't seem to overcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: There will be no me persuading her there will not be not well she's living there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be massive for her to snap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because her family is right there. They're the ones that are providing a place to live. She's gonna buy into their BS in order to stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't want to do it and it's it's toxic for you and be toxic for me too, I rather live in my car, I wouldn't, I couldn't stand it. I couldn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Crazy made me crazy and won't go crazy. Don't make me crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like congratulating right and when I feel it's off, I get all like twitchy
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I wanted all lined up, you know, get your face is saying you hate me. You're saying nice things but but your body looks like you're mad at me. What's going on over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I gotta check it out. I want things to be all lined up, but it takes for personal to be able to say
Gwenevere Abriel: No, there's something missing congruent. I feel it. It's real. I've got to address this and you're in that you're still immersed in questioning your own impression your own intuition about what you're seeing with her and it showed up just now today with this laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: So spend some time kind of seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you rather have this false impression of you floating around, which is that yourself. And she said, No, you're not. But you'd rather have that you'd rather preserve this image of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point that you die.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that that's why I brought up self esteem spirituality recovery depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it, it for everybody. It's, you know, laptop, who, you know, whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you need it for pain management, you need it because it's a place for you because you're not as ambulatory as someone else. So this is your mobile medicine. I don't think it's the it's not the same as what he needs it, for she can get around.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just, I don't see it the same way, she does.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is it's a different piece of medicine for you than it is for someone else. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to see it our way.
Ray Casias: And you're going to have
Leave yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, and a lot of people go through what you're going through. They're going to have to trust, you're going to have to trust your own intuition on this, you're going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be lonely, for a moment, they'll be screaming, they'll be antics in front of you and people will call you names, but guess what you'll be happier.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll notice that you have happier days that you have more to give to other people in the community. You'll be connected. You'll be playful with grandkids, you'll have more to talk to about with your daughter, you'll have a deeper connection to a broader group, you won't feel alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I if you've got another way to do it. Fine. It's not the laptop. It might be something else. But the notion that you're being selfish is not grounded in logic, unless you're really got to tell me someone starving and this $500 is because someone's starving.
Give it
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it some think okay, this guy's gonna get mad.
Ray Casias: I will, I will, in everything you just said is everything I want. So I gotta make it happen. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome.
Ray Casias: So, um,
Ray Casias: I will see you in group and
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we'll do something, then why do that.
Ray Casias: Yeah yeah
Ray Casias: Yeah, I'll be there.
Ray Casias: I'll be there, barring some
Ray Casias: Catastrophe I'll be there.
Ray Casias: Look forward to it. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Drama over here. Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I owe you an apology for being tardy I was standing right here looking at your name over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes humans just, we just don't wrap up right right on the hour and I am sorry for whatever part contributed. But just know in your heart that that time that you spent sitting here waiting for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are giving to someone truly giving okay just, I know you sacrifice time and convenience, but you were really giving
Ramon: Someone told us.
Ramon: Know you literally had like 60 more seconds. And I was going to be like we can have a 45 minute session. So we're going to have to reschedule.
Ramon: But you made it just in time I gave you a 15 minute span and you made that 15 minute window. So it's all right. I don't mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I take that in Ramon, what does it like to hear that it wasn't. I was going shopping, but someone really needed
Ramon: Well, I figured that's what it was because you're really never late so it had to be I figured that's what it was. Because you're normally on time so okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's been a very long time. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just connected with the having been meeting on a regular basis. How have you been doing
Ramon: Good so far so good. I've been really happy with myself a having a kid. So I'm super excited
Ramon: Everything's changed a lot like we hardly argue at all. Now I'm really, I guess you can say, consider it over now.
Ramon: Especially not as she's pregnant. So I think the baby kind of changed a lot in me. I felt this presence in me that I never felt before.
Ramon: Where I had a I knew I had to change my life.
Ramon: You know what I mean. I have like it before I knew I had to. I had her daughter, which is my daughter. Also it stuff. But when it's your kid.
Ramon: Now, I guess it's a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like spiritual right
Ramon: So I guy. I'm getting myself together. I'm trying to go quick fast and in a hurry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to support you in any way that we can here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know it's been a minute. So let me just see if we need to close goals open new ones because you say you kind of have
Gwenevere Abriel: Your been doing well and a lot of ways. Let's just see if some of these goals are outdated and we can close them, we can write achieved and we can open up new ones. Number one,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to work on my anger. One of the things that I wrote out was client will learn thought stopping technique. So just as I say that. Do you have any idea what I'm talking about. What thought stopping is. Do you know what that is.
Ramon: Yeah, like when you told me to think oh so most when you like do the mirroring and like stop talking about a subject maybe talk about how she feels
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I like those. Those are awesome. Don't lose them thought stopping is a very specific thing and you saw my hand just now went like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, no, you're doing it when let's say the voice you call it criminal logical thinking in here. I call it the addict voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll know it when you do this, you, you, you argue back to it and you score your nice to it. I don't know how your inner voice. But you say thank you for sharing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you say, Screw you. I don't know how you talk to your inner voice. But thank you for sharing you've gotten me here so far. Thank you. But I've got this and you stop the entertaining what it has to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kid you not, it literally feels like that you stop contributing evidence to why that thought might be true, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Because normally you'll consider it you'll think about the pros and cons of using or PUNCHING SOMEONE. I don't know what your thing is, but whatever it is, you'll you used to entertain it not stuffing is a firm. No.
Ramon: You don't know. Yeah, you
Ramon: Know, I've been doing lately. A lot
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not stopping
Ramon: Yeah, I've been doing that a lot of a
Fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, when the list and you can think of it like this on the list of ways to deal with something I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them was calling a few different names. Your connects that you might connect with those names are way at the bottom, those people. It's like you're going to go through
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh man, I need to breathe now appears, I need to breathe. I need to remember that I feel I gotta identify what do I really want right now. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this a me problem or her problem. What do I need shoes curiosity over being right like you're thinking all these other things you're learning hopefully in this program and elsewhere, your friends, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a connect the voice of an addict is way down at the bottom, but when it does show up, you do this you don't entertain it
Gwenevere Abriel: You can flip it. The bird, stick it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, now you got it. Alright, sweet. And you notice you are doing it beautiful Nan and then develop flexible cognitive self talk rehearsal learn skills upon
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is a really complicated Objective I wrote out
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a question for you. And this is going to get right at what your self talk sounds like when you make a mistake, whatever it is at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: At home you forgot something. You broke something. You spilled something. Whatever it is, and a mistake, not a manipulation. We did it on purpose to get even talking about straight up mistake. What do you say to yourself.
Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay. All right. I like it. Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go down here to the 1500. One of the things that you wanted to do was I want to say 1500 dollars so I can get a place
Gwenevere Abriel: To place.
Ramon: Yes, I thought. So we're going to close that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And happy beautiful and. Next one we have I want help with addiction to heroin, obviously, that's the big one, probably the reason why you came here and I was saying okay 10 group. Yeah, that's true, that's true. Let's go down to this. Go down to this one. I want to be mentally stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had asked that you identify barriers, causing emotional, cognitive, behavioral challenges. And what did you say
Gwenevere Abriel: You have said in the past. Let's see, sometime in February February 5 doing pretty good broke down, mentally, I can do this. No, I can't do this no more. I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to work, no more. I'm tired of paying bills. Okay. I remember that low moment. I remember that tired of paying bills and and owing money. Maybe I cried that day the belief of the time I'm a quitter worried. I can't pay a bill. I might lose everything. I worked for
Gwenevere Abriel: But then you remembered I might have more problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of remember that point.
Ramon: I remember exactly what you're talking
Gwenevere Abriel: About a month ago.
Ramon: Yeah, I remember that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see the connective tissue between I identify as having a heroin addiction or dependence, however, however you word it heroin and that moment of wanting to give up. Do you see how they're connected
Ramon: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have the thought, this is hard because it's gonna might even get harder. Right now I've got another
Gwenevere Abriel: Obligation I've got this baby that's coming. And you probably have expectations about what you're supposed to do and other people are going to dump their expectations on you and it's going to get even more sort of loaded right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that I can use heroin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Further away. Is it further down. Is it gone. Is it closer
Ramon: And this is pretty much all gone. Like there's days where I might even it didn't even day I might be thinking, taking like a painkiller. You know what I mean, not even hell but
Ramon: I'm doing really good like I don't even really think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me hear that one more time because Member Telehealth. Sometimes I don't hear everything just right. I want to hear the one part about the pill. Did you say there are times when you've had a difficult day and you have thought about taking a pain pill or you have not
Ramon: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when was that give me that story. Just tell me what was going on.
Ramon: I don't know. I was, I just thought about it. It was just a thought I popped up in my head while I was driving home. It wasn't even something that lasted all day, or it was just like a little five minute
Ramon: Little
Ramon: Came in when yeah okay but it
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't a build up of member that fit that February date where all the bill.
Ramon: hits you hard every day you know isn't like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was just a random trigger craving thing that
Ramon: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: Wandering in. Okay, got it. That's not the same one. This is the one that I'm keeping an eye on those. You're always going to have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to think about something that I haven't thought about 15 years going to come out of nowhere and I'll be like, though. That's just weird and off it goes. But this one, the one where you start to feed it like
Ramon: I haven't had one of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: The real test is if you've had more bills on top of more bills. In other words, the stresses in your life. Continue. And you notice, what are you doing instead to handle those stressors. Now tell me what you're doing, instead
Ramon: Just paid my bills.
Ramon: Really much the only thing I can do. And then I go home and relax. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had any test, like, oh, I think you have maybe right you had a surgery where there are days where you couldn't work as much where you notice that the income was going down.
Ramon: Where you've had to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It, what did you do in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not go to, I could use a pill.
Ramon: Just another humping a road that ain't
Much
Ramon: Like I'm doing really good now going, I don't know if I made that clear, like I am like, I'm not the same addict that I was when I first started
Yeah.
Ramon: I feel really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go back up here a little bit. I think we had about that. Yes, there we go. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How often do you use what I'm calling. Now I've dropped the box breathing, because I want people to remember the belly part. So I call it belly breathing. Um, how often are you doing it and it's helping when you are in a distress moment.
Ramon: Um,
Ramon: I do it.
Ramon: Really when
Ramon: I don't know, I guess when I'm driving like say if I get into a stress moment or something. I might go to the car and go drive to the store some and just breathe. I'm in the car.
Ramon: Or go to the bathroom or some just look in the mirror and brief but that's really how I guess I've been handling a lot of things lately. It's just
Ramon: Only because she's pregnant and it's my baby. You know, so I've been letting her just go wild, pretty much, not too crazy but say whatever you want is fine. I still love you. You know what I mean, like, it's different now. It's really, I like the way it is. She has freedom. I can see the
Ramon: The joy in her eyes now where she's able to just say what she wants to say without having to worry about saying the wrong thing.
Ramon: You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong thing. So she don't see fear in her eyes now right
Ramon: Yeah okay well that's a more comfortable.
Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentally stronger now because you are
Gwenevere Abriel: My client. It's not quite
Gwenevere Abriel: I still have some concerns.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I've noticed about human beings, your motivation is a solid one right you are in love with this idea that you have an actual baby that's growing in this woman who you already are just adore right
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is just so exciting for you. And so the value and you can really see I will postpone my need maybe to make my point, I'll put that aside because I love this woman and I love that this baby is crawling inside her. Am I kind of getting it.
Ramon: Yeah, there's only one thing that me her kind of both as about
Ramon: What is that I got her to join this program, a while back.
Ramon: And she's been doing this program since like probably a month after me. She's been in this program and
Ramon: Not as she's pregnant. I don't want my baby born to a
Ramon: opiate. You know what I mean. And
Ramon: She like, Oh, well, I'm gonna go to sub a text or some, I said. Either way, it's the same thing. I don't want my baby born to it and
Ramon: And she
Ramon: Like doesn't want to stop. And that's pretty much doing. They were kind of bumpy heads about us only thing we're having troubles is because I don't want her doing anything.
Ramon: Because I don't want my baby born Zenyatta shit.
Ramon: And and she's gonna be like, seven, eight weeks. So right now is the time to start quitting. You know what I mean, start mowing herself down from where she's at till now to nothing like
How far
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, how many yeah now like how far she
Ramon: She's at 16 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And her argument back is
Ramon: That she doesn't want the baby to go through withdrawals.
Ramon: She thinks I'm kind of asking her to, like, just stop, but I didn't tell her I told her to taper down. I said just taper down to where you're taking one milligram bench like taper down, it's easy to taper down the Snark
Ramon: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's her physician who's the prescribing physician and Breitbart
Ramon: A real
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, she's pretty hardcore
Gwenevere Abriel: Tapering
Ramon: Yeah, and I don't know what's really going on my girlfriend doesn't communicate with me about her part of the program for what I see.
Ramon: I know she is supposed to be tapering down but
Ramon: A real doesn't she still giving her trip she told her that they were the same thing as subjects.
Ramon: And
Ramon: The doctor said when we went to go see the doctor for the baby, the other day. The doctor said they're not the same thing at all.
Ramon: So I don't know what's going on. Why a real doesn't want to spur scriber so the text.
Ramon: And she's still giving her strips, but I just don't want her doing any of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So subby text is the buprenorphine without the naloxone so you're not getting ready the opiate with your semi text idea so
Ramon: Exactly. That's what I'm trying to explain to her and I just want her to taper down and she just like
Ramon: What if I relapse. I'm like, you're not. She's strong she's not she's doing really good she won't really left that's just her excuse because she's afraid to stop taking
Gwenevere Abriel: So if the fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't happen over and I
Ramon: Understand, you know what I mean, I understand. Don't get me wrong but
Ramon: For nine months she could do it. I know she could do it. And then when the baby's born, she can get back on Suboxone I don't mind but I just don't want my baby born to a short acting opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: long acting. You guys are all
Ramon: big bulky it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're on one now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: It is it is a joint effort. This is not just hers. It's yours. And so getting more information. Sounds like would be useful. So maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe meeting with Dr brielle maybe she could be with her on one on one scheduled appointment to talk. You know what I mean.
Ramon: And then that's her other things. She's been kinda
Ramon: Not into going to her appointments and stuff. She's been missing a lot or not making sure that she has good service, sir, and her excuses are ridiculous. You know what I mean. Oh, well I tried know the hell you didn't
Ramon: You know what I mean.
Ramon: Yeah, of course I guess, cuz you like and I can't tell her that, because then she'll start tripping. So my car eBay. Well, when you get kicked off.
Ramon: I don't want to hear. No, I didn't, because I told you. That's why I'm telling you now to start tapering because you've been missing a lot of appointments and they're going to kick you out.
Ramon: So I don't. And she's like, Oh, she kind of she thinking about it, but she really doesn't want to. So I don't know what's going on with her and April at the moment because our point and she's been missing and group. She hasn't been staying for the full hour for
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this has to do really right now about this is a real stressor. This is a space, probably a feeling helpless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you cannot make another human being. Do something you can use extortion, you can you use power threat manipulation abuse, you could do those things. But it sounds like you've decided, those are off the table.
Ramon: Yeah, definitely. I want her to do it by choice. Like, I'm just throwing up in here. Hey, I don't want my baby's born book soaps, but
Gwenevere Abriel: For just the
Ramon: Way, she saying it. She's kind of like not giving me a choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So notice that this is the same person who's saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to relapse and is minimizing the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture that right this is someone who's minimizing the risk
Gwenevere Abriel: Not let not not showing up to services. So hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you think she's ready to handle her life on life's terms. You think she's strong
Gwenevere Abriel: Do they seem like the exact same thing, or do they seem like they are not the
Ramon: Same. The only reason why she was saying the realest thing was when we went to the doctors, the doctor that was in there talking to her told her. Hey,
Ramon: I don't want you to stop taking cells because I don't want you to relax and then that was stuck in our head, the whole time. So that was her defense. The whole time, because that's what the doctor said
Ramon: But before the doctor said that she hasn't been thinking about relapse. She hasn't she hasn't even been like normally when we have that little urge will tell each other, baby. I want to go. Hi, baby.
Ramon: You know what I mean, she hasn't even told me any of that because she hasn't been thinking about it. She's been good.
Ramon: I can see it with my own eyes, you know,
Ramon: She's just she's just afraid to okay
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going too fast going too fast she's on 16 milligrams, that is a part of why the craving isn't there. So what you're doing is projecting into the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: That everything else that her self confidence or coping skills her ability to manage all the hormonal roller coaster. She's going to go through
Gwenevere Abriel: That all of that should all these changes are going to happen. And she's not going to be thinking I could use she's on medication, you don't. You and I both don't know that. In fact, I don't even know that about you. I wouldn't, I haven't said that
Gwenevere Abriel: In real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you manage
Gwenevere Abriel: It on on a medicine so
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you, I guess.
Ramon: They both exist at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it would be nice to not have a fetus that has a substance in it that it's born dependent I'm we're in complete agreement on that. I'm with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm on your side on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: She is chemically dependent on it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard yet what she does to manage stress except completely unload and act kind of just unload on you. I haven't heard the healthy things that she is doing that make you think she can handle life on life's terms because it's about to get really difficult or with a baby, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is she doing, what are you seeing it gives you evidence. This is a woman that really look at her. She's mature. She's communicates with herself and others.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've, I've seen her manage from bottom up emotional regulation skills. What are you actually seeing that gives you confidence that she can handle her life. Never mind that you want it to be true. I'm talking about what you witnessed
Ramon: Like from when we first got together.
Ramon: She went from like an everyday thing to now where she
Ramon: Doesn't
Ramon: Say anything. You know what I mean. She doesn't like she's not
Ramon: Oh, I'm so stressed out, I need this, or I'm so. She has her moments where she cries and stuff. But I think that's because of the hormones. You know what I mean, but
Ramon: I don't think she, I don't think she wants that methamphetamine, because that's what she was addicted. So she wasn't a day. It's opiates. She's addicted to methamphetamine, and I don't think she needs it.
Ramon: I don't, I feel like she's really good, right, especially for seven and a half months. That's all she needs to do is not take Suboxone for seven and a half months she could get back on it. She'll be fine.
Ramon: But she's thinking I'm asking her quit forever, and she doesn't want to quit. I think she's ready
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when did her dependence on opiates start
Ramon: Like a month after me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You introduce her to
Ramon: Her the regular opiate
Ramon: Oh no, that started
Ramon: When she say when she was like 21 2021
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a tricky bit, but it is her body. She does get to work with her physician. She does get to have some say about what she is ready to do and what she's not. This is the tricky part.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If she says, I'm not ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nevermind that with a doctor said no one is saying stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically what people were saying, and Brian hard anyway if they're saying it at all is taper taper get down to a safe medical dose. I don't know what physicians are saying that is, but it's three milligrams, or one, I guess it depends on who they're talking to, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If she thinks she's not ready. Are you worried that she'll sabotage her on recovery, just to prove around point
Ramon: Yes.
Ramon: I guess I don't know, I feel like she's just using it for an excuse because the doctor says something that the doctor witnesses, she she witnesses shit about it.
Ramon: Well wishes in her head. And now, because the doctor says
Gwenevere Abriel: Before she went in the doctor's office. What was she saying about her plans.
Ramon: A that she was going to take sub attacks and that she was going to switch over and this and that. But I didn't tell her at the time that I didn't want my baby born to it. I just let it go. For now, just so we can see what was going on. And then I finally told her last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right they they both have opiates. No. So one of them just doesn't have the full agonist in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got nothing to do with subjects. It's really
Gwenevere Abriel: how open are you to hearing her though hearing her concerns. If she says, I don't know what she's saying she says to you, I'm scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been pregnant, she's been pregnant before and I don't know what was going on. I don't know. She has new coping skills, but she's saying to you. I'm scared. And she can't list out evidence of ways that she's been managing her life in healthy ways I think we gotta listen to her.
Ramon: I guess I don't know I rather not have my baby.
Ramon: Or to sabotage it. I'm sorry, I don't want my baby born opiates if she's not ready. Then she could figure out a way to, I don't know, get rid of the baby. I just, I don't know. I don't want my baby born drugs. I don't, I don't give a shit what the excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Ramon: Want a baby. My baby is going to be a fucking adding
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I and I hear they adamant how adamant to the point that this timing of have starting a family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be in the discussion than this, then if you're not able
Gwenevere Abriel: To. So, look what's happening. We're actually changing the focus of the discussion to. I wonder if she's ready to have a baby. If he right. Isn't that what we're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can't for nine months, stop smoking. Right. You know, eating red dye and whatever else we're not supposed to be eating when we're when we're WHEN WE'RE PREGNANT can't. Is this the timing is this good timing to start a family, maybe that there's more. There's a big discussion to have
Ramon: Yeah, maybe I'll come and tell her that tonight actually something like that exactly like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Ramon, this is not a tell this is your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as painful as it is, you and I, right. I don't have a right to change your opinion. You don't have a right to change mine. I don't have a right to change hers. She, she gets to decide what she thinks what she feels
Gwenevere Abriel: She took in some information from a Dr. Kim. What does she know who she is, what does she want
Gwenevere Abriel: She saying I'm not ready, we have to kind of listen if a person says, I'm not ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they ready to raise a baby. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's scared if we can't talk about it openly and honestly and lovingly. Look, you're getting angry, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she's scared. We're not gonna, we're not going to be any good if we're mad at someone scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a woman who is unsure of what to do about what she's about to face that says to me, the stuff you're talking about earlier. She's missing appointments. That's the problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: More of what's working if what's working is I'm getting more spiritual I'm spending time with healthy people. I'm eating better I'm sleeping. I'm addressing my physical
Ramon: My exactly what she's doing. She's sleeping.
Ramon: That's what she's doing. She's just been sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not mental health, that's a sign of depression. That's, that's a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, unless it's I'm pregnant and I'm tired, that that's something a little different, but I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Ramon
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tell you're scared. And of course, it shows up as anger, but I can tell how strongly. Put your hand on your life. And maybe we won't have this baby, but it is still her body.
Gwenevere Abriel: We still have to say it is physically still her body. She gets to say when she's ready to take her. She and her doctor, they get to work out what the plan is and my client, which is you I worry about you and you're feeling helpless about this. I'm concerned about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling helpless around this topic.
Ramon: Kind of
Ramon: I mean,
Ramon: Yeah, kinda.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that's where you start. See, that's about feelings and here we are back to this again, it's
Ramon: But I don't feel like going fuck all my life because of it. I just like, damn it sucks. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll wait. Let's test that theory. Damn it sucks. She goes ahead continues to have the baby but stays on the buprenorphine.
Ramon: Then when I can do nothing about it.
Ramon: Then there's acceptance.
Ramon: There's
Ramon: Then that's just the way is it is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's not what I was seeing a few minutes ago. Okay, that's that shifted a little bit just now did something change in your mind.
Ramon: No, but if I can't change somebody or change with their, you know, then there's no reason to
Ramon: I guess.
Ramon: Keep voicing my opinion. I don't know.
Here.
Ramon: With me right now speaking
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, we share. We know you're in a family. You're at you're in a partnership. Here we share
Gwenevere Abriel: Our, our feelings. Right. You just told me the I feels are helping that communication is helping things are going, smoother. There's less arguing, some things are working, there's still a distance to go
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say I'm keeping everything in. I'm letting her just go I I worry that it's going to get built up and that there will be an explosion.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I get concerned. That's all I'm just checking in with you, making sure you have an outlet, you still have a right to speak just because she's pregnant, you still have a right to your feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm what would it. I don't even know what it would be terrified. I'm imagining, you know, baby. I'm terrified addiction, has been a big part of my family history for generations. And to think
Ramon: They're believers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And her family. Babe, I'm terrified. I don't even have the word for how much fear that right now. You and I would be repeating another generation of chemical addiction dependence and I feel, I feel sick. I want to throw up. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that I can do it now. Right, that's talking, that's not saying you need to go do this, you need to go do that. That's I think she needs to know what's going on, how strongly you feel about it. Why not, it's important
Gwenevere Abriel: But she has her opinion, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she's scared. We gotta kind of sort of be without and say, well then let's get you the skills, this bullshit. I'm not showing up for services that ain't gonna fly Bay right the medicine is the therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got, we've got to hear new things. We've got to do differently in order to feel better and improve our relationships with other people and with ourselves. She's not showing up for it. How is she changing. I don't know, maybe seeing someone else that's helping her. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got a tricky one. Ramon
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is a very complex issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to talk with her about what your, your big fears are
Ramon: Well, yeah, for sure. I guess now that you gave me a way of putting it. I could put it a better way than being really blunt about it, I guess.
Ramon: But I'll tell her how I feel. Instead of telling her what I think she should do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, very different NASA and the big change. I'm hoping has been instead of telling someone demanding that they go do something. Instead we're just sharing. We're just saying
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, babe. The reason why you're seeing this big reaction to me is because this, this drug stuff has been chasing me forever and the thought of land that on a little one with perfect innocence. Like, I can't, I can't wrap my head around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd be crying. I mean, personally, it's almost making me cry now. Right. I mean, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have a choice. We do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we rob these these infants right of their choice. They didn't ask for that. And you could change the chemistry, maybe forever. Maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is where the doctor comes in that conversations needed. I'm not a physician, I'm just, I'm just talking about how important this conversation is and it sounds like it's really important. Now I'm making up a story about generations of whatever because I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm picturing some of the stories you've told me, and how important it is
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you. So
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I help like what else can I do
Ramon: I don't know.
Ramon: Maybe talk to her doctor
Ramon: I don't know. Honestly, there's really not much you could do but
Gwenevere Abriel: You could talk to your doctor to
Ramon: When I be a
Ramon: Maybe I could just bring her and we to have two on ones mission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course, absolutely.
Ramon: In fact, I almost Saturday or something. If you're, if you don't mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Ramon: So we heard the weekend, the week days of work. I can adjust, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll, you'll get a hold of me. You tell me what's going to work. You already know I'm happy I meet with couples all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I teach them those skills and then you guys bring up the topics you want. And I just could you create that safe environment where people kind of stay in check. They don't go off the rails talking about storytelling and they sort of stay focus. I can create that environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, the answer is yes. You'll get to me and let me know when a good time would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the answer is yes.
Ramon: Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is an important one, and this one's a little it's got another layer to it because
Gwenevere Abriel: She's being seen by a provider here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would want to confer with that provider and make sure because I had the same situation happened not obviously not you guys but I needed to touch base with the other therapists and say, Are you okay with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I even said if you want to do. Come join you go in there too. That's fine too. I don't have any ego attached to it. What I need to be respectful.
Ramon: I don't honestly I don't even
Ramon: Think she has a therapist at the moment. All she has is Dr. April. Because she's been missing our one on ones and then her therapist told her shoes. Gonna have to find somebody else or something because it wasn't working now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what's, what's the name. What's your name,
Ramon: Pauline or tease. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know i can i can see records there right in front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not really my place to nose around. So if you decide to tell me who her therapist is I can touch base with that therapist and I can say, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this is kind of where we're at. Clinically, I want to be very, very careful. So that everybody's treatment plan is being respected so
Ramon: I honestly don't even know who are. I know it's the other female that you guys have
Gwenevere Abriel: Got we've got you.
And
Ramon: I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get back to me.
Ramon: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back to me. And the answer is yes. I'm I love working with couples and families. Love it, love it a lot of good change can happen there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to have someone in there, making sure everybody's being respected and and feelings are shared without anyone feeling afraid or blamed, it's a it's a neat experience happy to do it. Just touch base with me.
Ramon: Already okay
Gwenevere Abriel: For now, let's just you and I set something up, but will realize that it may change if it turns out you want to have a couples intervention or something. But let's put something on the books because I do get scheduled pretty quickly for just at least you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Would noon march 25 be okay for you. It's another Wednesday would feel a lot like this except an hour earlier, an hour here. Yes.
Ramon: Yeah, that'll work for them.
Ramon: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Remote I'm really impressed with with how hard you're working this really and truly I'm not on
Gwenevere Abriel: Your health level, but just this this courage to push forward with with tapering
Ramon: Let's keep let's keep doing it. That's another thing that I'm trying to get were heard like
Ramon: Cuz that's why I was telling you guys to put me down at to the other day also is because I told her I was like, if you want, I'll quit, which you that we were doing it together. I'll quit smoking, chocolate, Eric think to show you that. I'll do it with you and
Ramon: So I don't know. I can try and everything I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's, let's, let's see. Let's slow down. Make her. She may already have the support that she needs. She might want to talk with that clinician, a little bit more in depth, now that there's this pregnancy in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get back to me and tell me what you know. And let's see if we can put something together. Okay.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
I'll talk to you.
Ramon: Right away.